Previously on Tracker...
- You got a sec?
- What's up?
I need you to look
into somebody.
It's for the Praiter
and Rockwell real estate case.
Hi. uh. Kurtis Lauper?
Reenie Greene. I'm looking
for witnesses to testify
in a lawsuit against Praiter
and Rockwell Properties Group.
I've been compiling evidence
for years.
Everyone else broke.
But not me.
What happened
when you said no?
They made me look insane.
And when everyone
started believing them.
well. then I did feel nuts.
You know you don't need
to fight this alone anymore.
right?
I can't erase
what that company did.
But I can make them
answer for it.
You still can't reach him?
He should've been here
over two hours ago.
It's not like Kurtis.
Well. there's a lot of pressure
right before trial. right?
It's not the first time
I've seen a witness spook.
He's only missed
one prep meeting.
That doesn't mean he's bailing.
Maybe I should go check on him.
Well. I'm right by his house.
If it makes you feel better.
I'll swing by. okay?
Yeah.
Kurtis?
- Hey. any luck?
- Uh. I'm at his house.
I think you were right.
Something's wrong.
Why? What'd you see?
Well. his truck's not here.
but his phone's in there
and his oxygen tank.
There's just no sign of him.
I mean. I could try to get in.
I guess. but--
No. no. no. no.
don't touch anything.
-You're right.
I'm gonna call the police.
-Not yet.
If he's missing.
I know who to call.
He's been missing
seven hours at least.
He was scheduled
to testify tomorrow.
Yeah?
What's this?
We got a phone over here.
It's dead.
You got Randy looking
for his truck?
Yeah. couldn't find anything.
No GPS.
We called
all the local hospitals.
but no one's seen him.
No. it can't wait.
We need to meet today.
Make it happen.
Uh. Colter. this is Maxine.
Maxine. how you doing?
Heard a lot about you.
And I don't think I've heard
enough about you.
Were you able to reach
the judge?
Yeah. working on it.
I woke up the poor clerk
who had a million questions.
but I didn't wanna say too much
until we were face-to-face.
-Smart.
-Okay. other than cold feet.
what could have happened
to Kurtis?
Well. worst case.
Praiter and Rockwell or someone
connected to the case took him.
Is there evidence
backing that up?
I mean. the case has been
really weird so far.
Packages were delivered
to my office. Maxine's as well.
Surveillance footage of us
at home.
-At home?
-I know.
Right after we made a new claim
to the suit.
And Kurtis's testimony was key
to proving it.
If we win. it could be fatal
to the company.
You let the police know
about these threats?
No. didn't rise to it.
I mean. intimidation
is not uncommon
in lawsuits like this.
Well. there's something here.
I think it's blood.
-Wait. what?
-Yeah. there was more.
Think someone tried
to clean it up. Missed a spot.
Reenie. there's a-a blade
missing from that knife block
on the counter next to you.
Here's what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking our guy.
he. uh. came in here. right?
Hid himself in this pantry.
They ambushed Kurtis.
And it was somebody who knew
what they were doing.
There's no forced entry.
This is on me.
I brought Kurtis into this.
I pushed him
into doing the lawsuit.
It's not your fault.
You're doing your job. Reenie.
-They went this way.
-Oh. I think that's the judge.
Uh. you go ahead.
We're gonna take this.
-Yeah.
-Hello.
- Yeah. that's not Kurtis.
-  -Mmm.
It's the intruder.
Maybe one of them anyway.
This guy was stabbed.
Explains the blood inside.
Yeah. What are you thinking?
Kurtis. uh. he fights back.
stabs this guy.
kills him with a knife?
I mean. he's an elderly man.
He uses intermittent oxygen.
Adrenaline's a hell of a thing.
- What about
the missing truck?
- Not so sure.
Someone was trying
to cover this up though. right?
I'm thinking maybe
there's a third party.
Maybe they... they took Kurtis
in his own truck?
-Alive?
-I think so. yeah.
And if they killed him.
we would have found
his body already.
It's better just to make
the witness disappear. right?
I mean. whoever did this
wanted to silence him.
Well. they got sloppy.
If they made more mistakes.
I'll see 'em.
Okay. Maxine's on her way
to the office. She'll handle
the legal side.
I'll call the cops.
Colter. you gotta find
this guy for me.
Yeah. I'm on it.
Randy. you get any new hits
on Kurtis's truck?
Nada. I'm monitoring
traffic cams. toll roads.
No sightings. man.
Listen. I saw a manual
for a mobile ham radio
at the house.
I didn't see
the radio anywhere.
I'm thinking maybe
he installed it in his truck.
I'm sending you
a photo right now.
It has the ham's call sign.
I like it. Let me see.
Okay. I got the call sign.
Maybe we get lucky
and it's still transmitting.
There it is.
Just sent you the location.
Got it.
Hey. listen. Randy.
Reenie mentioned something
about. uh. a threat coming in
at the office.
Yeah. we had a courier come by.
dropped off a package.
Could have something to do
with what happened here.
Yeah. no doubt.
I'm working to beef up
security. though.
-Did you get an ID?
-Uh. not yet.
Mel took a great photo.
just came out a little blurry.
and so the facial ID
won't work.
Okay. keep digging.
Keep an eye out. all right?
-You got it. man.
-Hey.
I got building security
to change the access codes.
but nobody recognized
the courier from the photo.
It's okay. Thank you for this.
If I'd gotten
my phone out sooner
or taken a better picture...
Come on.
This is not your fault.
I'm just worried about Reenie.
We really gotta find the guy
who did this.
Mel...
...you know I got you. right?
-Yeah. I know.
-Okay. Let's get back to work.
The circumstances are
beyond our control. Your Honor.
We need more time.
So. your whole case hinges
on this witness's testimony?
Oh. give me a break. Hoover.
You know damn well
hundreds of people have signed
on to this lawsuit condemning
Praiter and Rockwell.
You have seen
Kurtis's deposition.
and you know his evidence
is undeniable.
And I'm guessing their client
does as well. And here we are.
And where is that. exactly?
You can't produce your witness.
It's not exactly our problem.
We can't produce Mr. Lauper
because your client
kidnapped him.
Possibly worse.
That's a pretty strong
accusation. Counsel.
Do you have any evidence
to substantiate it?
Uh. police report?
Missing person's complaint?
We are actively investigating
the matter. Your Honor.
Meaning they have nothing.
He probably changed his mind
and ghosted you.
Did you two rehearse
this little back-and-forth
pantomime thing?
We remain ready to meet
the trial date. Your Honor.
All we are asking for
is a little time.
We'd like to be
kept in the loop.
Well. we wouldn't wanna
keep you or your client
out of the loop. Devon.
-I know they are so concerned.
-That's enough. Ms. Greene.
You have 24 hours.
Use them wisely.
Thank you. Your Honor.
You don't actually think
Praiter and Rockwell
kidnapped a witness?
Actually. yes.
Well. now
I'm looking forward to trial.
We welcome
baseless allegations.
Be sure to work those
into your cross.
You should be looking forward
to my advice. Buckle up.
-I hope you didn't
take this personally.
-Just business. right?
I can assure you our client
had nothing to do with
your witness's disappearance.
Oh. Well. does that extend
to sending us creepy
surveillance photos as well?
Oh. now we've threatened you
in addition to your witness.
How about we just table this
until trial. shall we?
Let's go.
Hey. let's go ahead and
lock down the other witnesses.
make sure they're protected.
-Got it. You focus on Kurtis.
-Yeah.
You know him better
than anyone.
Yeah.
-Thanks for having my back.
-Thank you.
Okay.
Please tell me it's good news.
-Found the truck. It's totaled.
-Kurtis?
No sign that anyone was
in the truck when it crashed.
Wait. how is that
even possible?
Gear shift is in neutral.
I think the car was ditched.
They wanted us
to think they ran.
Okay. so now what?
Looks like you'd need
a car from here.
so either they stashed one.
or maybe they stole one.
All right. look.
you've got me and Randy.
Let me put you on speaker.
Hey. what's up. man?
Randy. any records
of a stolen vehicle
anywhere near my location?
Uh. let's find out.
Nope. nothing reported today.
All right. I passed a roadhouse
about a half a mile back.
The motel looked like
the last stop within miles.
Yeah. I see it. Looks like
the perfect place to get a car.
or to sit and wait in one.
That's what I'm thinking.
Can you check to see
if they have cameras?
If they do. they're air-gapped.
I'm not seeing anything.
All right.
I'm heading there now.
Maybe someone saw something.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Oh. Hey. man. Uh. nothing wrong
with day drinking.
It's just we got this thing
called hours.
No. I'm not. uh...
not here for the bar.
I was wondering
if maybe you could help me
with something. I'm...
I'm looking for this guy.
He's missing. Seen him?
I wasn't working last night.
Nothing today.
-Why are you looking for him?
-It's sorta what I do.
find people.
Sounds mysterious.
It can be. yeah. yeah.
Your. uh...
Your security footage.
is there a chance I could
get a look at that maybe?
Yeah. I don't know.
I might have to
run that one by my manager.
This the same person
that's having you carry
all this heavy stuff
up this ramp?
Okay. second thought.
you help me. I help you?
-Hand it over.
-Great.
Wow.
you made that look really easy.
It's not my first time.
All right. now.
-Password.
-Right. I really
shouldn't be doing this.
Probably not.
Okay. Keep going.
Okay. that's him.
Damn. what's the deal
with this guy anyway?
Is he in trouble?
Something like that. yeah.
Pause it right there. will you?
Thank you.
-Grandpa just boosted that car.
-I know.
One sec. Hold on.
That SUV. you recognize that?
Nope. but it looks
shady as hell.
-It does. doesn't it?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. I got what I needed.
Well. thank you very.
very much.
-I appreciate you. All right.
-You're welcome.
Hey.
Come back anytime.
I low-key wanna know
how this turns out.
-Okay. Thanks again.
-Mm-hmm.
Hey. you've got me and Randy.
Kurtis is alone. on the run.
hot-wired a car.
It didn't look to me
like it was the first time
he'd ever done that.
Sent you a picture of the car
he stole from a security cam
at the bar.
Who is this guy?
I don't know. He kills
somebody in self-defense.
doesn't call the police.
He covers it up.
ditches his car.
steals another.
Does he have
a criminal history?
Man. I did a background check
on this guy twice.
Dude's a Boy Scout
from Vincennes. Indiana.
High school education.
divorced. one stepdaughter.
Something's not adding up.
There was a black SUV
that followed him out.
Maybe we're not
the only ones on his trail.
Did you run the plates
on that stolen car?
Okay. plates on
the stolen car pop up twice.
both times on the highway.
The first hit's a toll
on E-470.
The second was him merging
on to the I-70 Mountain Lane
Express this morning.
and nothing since then.
Maybe the person following him
ran him off the road?
Or maybe he gave them the slip.
All right. thanks. you guys.
Hey. Police identified the body
from Kurtis's house.
He worked
for a trucking company.
He's got a rap sheet
for assault and robbery.
-Any connect with P&R?
-Not that I could find. no.
What about Kurtis?
Any personal connection?
Dude keeps
a pretty tight circle.
Only people he talks to
are his stepdaughter. Jackie.
and his ex-wife. Sienna.
When's the last time
they were in contact?
Uh. the stepdaughter.
a few weeks ago.
The ex-wife. yesterday morning.
Maybe she knows something.
I'll pay her a visit.
Are you one of Lowell's men?
How did you find me?
I said. how did you find me?
You hear me. Kurtis?
Lowell ain't gonna stop until you're dead.
Kurtis Lauper...
why don't you tell me
who you really are?
Who sent you?
Reenie Greene.
My name's Colter Shaw.
She hired me to come find you.
I'll take a look at that.
-How's that feel?
-Ow!
You got a high ankle sprain.
Whatever's coming after you.
you're not gonna outrun it.
That's for sure.
I like Reenie.
She actually gives a crap.
And I'm old enough to remember
that's a rare quality.
but she shouldn't
have gotten involved.
Hold this right there.
What's this have to do
with your testimony?
Everything I said
about that company
was the God's honest truth.
but this isn't about that.
Yeah. kinda gathered that.
-Sienna Grimmer?
-Who are you?
My name's Reenie Greene.
I'm an attorney. I'm looking
for your ex-husband.
Wait. is Kurtis missing too?
Uh. yes. no one's seen him
since yesterday.
I know that you spoke with him
that morning.
You know anything about this?
No.
I-I'm sorry.
Uh. who else is missing?
Your visitor here
is from Louisiana.
Long way.
-Reenie. I got Kurtis.
-Oh. great. Kurtis. hey.
I shouldn't be talking to you.
It's not safe.
- Are you with Jackie?
- Who's Jackie?
Stepdaughter.
-No. Why?
-She's missing.
I'm at your ex-wife's house
with the police.
Look. she didn't turn up
for work today.
Sienna went to her place.
but she's gone.
I'm gonna kill them all.
Who did this?
Lowell Parker.
Dixie Mafia.
Runs guns. drugs.
anything he can
get his hands on.
You work for him?
Muscle. Long time ago.
But I disappeared.
took the name
of a boyhood friend
who'd died on a fishing trip.
Moved a few states over.
Thought it was all behind me.
But why would he take
your stepdaughter
after so many years?
'Cause he found me.
and now he wants
blood for blood.
-You agreeing to testify
blew your cover.
-Has to be it.
I never should have gotten
involved in that lawsuit.
-I have to find Jackie.
-I can help you.
All right. grab your stuff.
Let's go. Thanks. Reenie.
Okay. come on. Easy.
What did Parker want?
-Revenge.
-Revenge for what?
I made a mistake.
Parker trusted me.
Had me looking after
his daughter. Only child.
-She was a handful.
-Easy here.
In and out of trouble.
I mean. she was a sweet kid.
but...
...she had a few stints
in rehab.
It was my job to keep her safe.
But she was hooked on blues.
And one day.
I went to pick her up.
And she was dead
in the bathtub.
OD'd.
Blame you for that?
Easier to blame me than her.
I guess.
Now Jackie's in danger
because of me.
We'll find her.
Kurtis isn't
who we thought he was.
He was a bodyguard
for Lowell Parker.
a Dixie Mafia boss.
So this has nothing to do
with Praiter and Rockwell?
No. I mean. they're not
the ones that came after him.
And we made an accusation
in front of the judge
that we can't support.
Well. not necessarily.
Parker was tipped somehow.
and Kurtis seems to think
that the lawsuit
blew his cover.
But his name
was never public record.
so even if Praiter and Rockwell
didn't commit the actual crime.
someone must have tapped
the first domino.
-There's a mole.
-Yeah.
But we have to put
the whole thing
on the back burner for now.
Okay. just until we know that
Kurtis's stepdaughter's safe.
Okay. Well. let me do
some digging on my end.
-Keep me posted.
-Will do.
- Hello.
- Reenie Greene?
Who's this?
Lowell Parker.
How'd you get this number?
Oh. does that really matter?
No. it does not.
What matters is I need this
to happen without the cops.
You need what
to happen exactly?
I was really hoping you weren't
gonna waste my time.
But just so you understand...
Help me. Help me.
Please. help me.
Please. please help me.
Jackie. is that you?
You seem like a smart gal.
You do exactly what I say.
and Jackie walks.
- Hey.
-Hey. you sure you weren't followed?
Yes. I stuck to the plan.
Now. this is the location
of the meet.
Parker said that he wants me
to deliver Kurtis personally.
Then Jackie walks.
I don't trust it.
I know. but the best way
to minimize risk
and protect Jackie
is to follow
the ransom demands exactly.
I don't wanna mess around
with this.
It's my life for hers.
And I'm okay with that.
I'm on borrowed time anyway.
If the last thing I do
is save Jackie. then...
then at least I've done
something good.
I'm not just sending you
in there to get killed.
Hey. I'm not gonna let
that happen to anybody.
Okay.
Reenie's almost at the meet.
Yeah. I know.
I'm watching it too.
but come here. Check this out.
Oh. my God. that's...
that's him. That's the courier.
Turns out his uniform is fake.
I traced it back
to the manufacturer.
followed the local sales.
Nice. Any connection
to Praiter and Rockwell?
I just got the ID.
but at first glance.
I don't see anything.
Same with the Dixie Mafia.
No. no. No. he's gotta
fit in this somehow.
Can I see
his employment history?
Certainly.
You see something?
Maybe. I...
I think I gotta call Maxine.
Okay.
We're almost there.
Why are you doing this for me?
I'm not a good man.
Come on.
You took a risk to help
thousands of people
in this lawsuit.
You're a better man
than you think.
I was Parker's enforcer.
The things I did...
I didn't deserve
the second chance I got.
You know.
the first time I ever
stepped into a courtroom.
I was actually the defendant.
Yeah. I know.
I was 14 years old.
Broke into a local
department store and stole
a beautiful Chanel clutch.
-It was worth
thousands of dollars.
-Why?
I don't know.
My sister dared me.
It was just me and her
at the time.
We were on our own.
You know.
my dad was deployed out.
My mom.
she was basically absent.
It was just something
that we would never be able
to afford.
She said no one would notice.
No one would care.
I just wanted to see
if she was right.
Anyway. point is.
is that they assigned me
this public defender.
I'll never forget her.
She said that life
goes two ways.
"You're either the painter
or you're the paint."
I made my choice.
So did you.
We choose who we are. you know.
My real name is Eugene.
Guys used to call me
Gene Gene the Dancing Machine.
Gong Show?
It's before your time.
You liked to dance?
No. the opposite.
Okay.
I may just stick with
Kurtis though.
All right.
-You ready?
-Here we go.
Car just pulled up.
Two occupants.
-...go. huh?
-This is about Jackie.
No matter what happens to me.
all I care about
is that she gets out of this.
And watch your back.
- Kurtis.
- Let's go.
Hands on the wheel.
Jackie.
You look like hell. Gene.
Let her go.
This is between us.
I'm here.
Do whatever you want with me.
I can't let you off that easy.
We had a deal.
My life for hers.
I didn't have that choice.
I gave you
the most important job.
and you screwed it up.
My daughter's dead...
because you dropped the ball.
Now you're gonna get to see
what I do to somebody you love.
I-I'm begging you. Lowell.
please.
No!
No. no. no. No!
You still got a lot of fight
in you. huh. old man?
Maybe we need to
help nature along a little bit.
But I want you to see something
before your number's up.
-Where is he?
-Behind!
Behind the car!
Hey!
Come here. You all right?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Jackie? Jackie.
- Hi.
I'm here. I'm okay.
-I'm okay.
-Easy. now. Take it easy.
-Is he gonna be okay?
-Just needs an ambulance.
Stay with us. Kurtis.
Thanks. Kurtis.
We'll see you soon.
-Hey. that was Kurtis.
-Hey.
He is relentless.
He wants to testify as soon
as the hospital discharges him.
Ooh. a man after my own heart.
And here comes the fun part.
I thought we'd pushed
to next week.
-What's up?
-Oh. Everything.
We can save
the high school games
for the courtroom.
-Oh. you're not gonna
be a part of that.
-Mmm. Shame.
Unless you have
something important to share.
I'm late to meet my wife.
Actually. uh. Devon.
quick question for you.
You were a summer associate
at Danvers and Saperstein.
correct?
-I was.
-Out of their New Orleans
office. yes?
Yeah.
And that's the same firm
who represents Lowell Parker
on RICO charges?
-What's this about?
-We're hoping you can tell us.
Nothing?
Because that firm
employed the courier
who delivered some
pretty interesting photographs
of us to our offices.
Take your time. Devon.
I keep forgetting you failed
the bar. what was it?
-Five times?
-Oh. five times.
I just don't know
what you're talking about.
Oh. but I bet you do.
If you need it spelled out
for you. I can help you out.
It was you who gave up Kurtis.
Ring a bell now?
You recognized him.
served him up to Parker.
For what? Money. an old favor?
I don't know exactly.
but I'm pretty sure this is
the end of your career.
-You're speculating.
-Oh. I don't speculate.
-What do you want?
-Justice
for every single person
that Praiter and Rockwell
wronged.
Starting with
a favorable settlement
in our inboxes
no later than tomorrow morning.
Why would I do that?
Because we can drop
this whole thing to
the bar association right now.
or we can give you a few weeks.
you know.
let you get
your ducks in a row.
-That would be very nice of us.
-Mm-hmm.
Best and only deal.
I'll start drafting it now.
Hmm.
It's just harder
than it looks.
Something like that. okay?
Nice and relaxed.
Ah.
It's like you're anticipating
the shot a little bit.
I know. I know.
I've took her to the range
a couple of times.
I squeeze. not pull.
It's okay.
All right. it'll come to you.
Takes some time.
Look. I appreciate
the free lesson.
I just think that
maybe this isn't for me.
-The gun?
-Yes. the gun.
Then why the hell
did you buy it?
I don't know. I...
thought I could use
a little bit more control.
Not sure you're gonna
get that from a gun.
You know. I moved 12 times
before I even went
to high school.
Twelve times.
New city. new school. new base.
It was like everywhere I went.
I was a stranger.
Yeah. I kinda know how that is.
It teaches you. though.
how to rely on yourself. right?
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
And I got that from you
the moment I met you.
I could tell.
Well. it could have gone
a very different way.
How's that?
I was a mess.
- I was an absolute nightmare
for my mom.
and I was expelled from school
multiple times.
It was like the greatest hits
of a troubled teen.
And I ticked every single box.
I was on the wrong side
of the courtroom.
-You?
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
What made you change?
I don't know. I...
I think I was acting out
'cause I was...
feeling invisible.
Mmm.
I just so badly wanted someone
to care enough to try
and come save me.
But at some point. I realized
that I was gonna have to be
that person for myself.
And from then on. I was.
Then after
what happened last year...
I don't know.
It was like...
I just reverted into some...
scared little girl who had
no control over anything.
and I guess I just lost myself.
I think that's the first time
I've ever said that out loud.
You got a lot of people
who care a lot about you.
you know that?
You do. People who would
do anything for you.
No matter what.
And you're strong.
That's why you're so good
at what you do.
You don't break easy.
Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
-About this target practice here?
All right.
-Ugh.
-It'll come to you. Come on.
-Okay. Well.
maybe with some help.
-Yeah.
Okay. so this-this. uh.
wrong side of the courtroom
thing. by the way.
are we talking misdemeanor.
felony?
-Oh. wow. Look at that.
-Who am I hanging out with?
I bail you out of jail
a few times.
you really learn
a thing or two. huh?
Hey. there we go. See?
-Better. Better.
-Right. Way... Way better.
Worse.